docs: update home and landing pages (#339)
canonical/imagecraft: docs/index.rst

**Imagecraft** is the command-line tool for building bootable, pre-installed disk
images.

It builds images from a declarative project file written with a clear, human-readable

> syntax and is operated through a command-line interface.

Reviewer: I think we should hold off on "human-readable" for now.

```suggestion
It builds an image from declarations in a YAML file, and is operated
through a command-line interface.
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/imagecraft/pull/339/commits/e1ee594ce0708c321f29d257f3bd9a4e7a8a46e4

Imagecraft centralizes the definition and maintenance of images by incorporating

> processes from established tools and storing the image's essential details in one place.

Reviewer: I'm less confident about this one:

```suggestion
Imagecraft defines an image's essential details without code, and handles complex
build details in the background.
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/imagecraft/pull/339/commits/e1ee594ce0708c321f29d257f3bd9a4e7a8a46e4

> without code

I'm not sure what code _could_ be used here.

> handles complex build details in the background

Most of these details are invocation and setup of things like mmdebstrap and GRUB. I very slightly prefer emphasizing the integration than the abstraction.

I think the original text is a more accurate description of "what need the product meets", but I'll leave this open in case @lengau wants to weigh in.

Reviewer 2: I prefer the original. If we want to iterate on this later I'm happy to, but I'm going to resolve for now so we can merge.
